README.md, before:

# Meta-Prod2Vec
[Original Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1607.07326.pdf)  
The purpose of this repo is to further investigate the ideas exposed in the Meta-Prod2Vec paper, in particular on the topic of homogenous representation learning of hetergenous data. With no particular use case in mind, any idea proposed should be tried as to compare with other approaches.

Note there is no reference implementation of MetaProd2Vec, and as so, there's no clear baseline to compare with.
 
## Useful links
[MSD @ github](https://github.com/tbertinmahieux/MSongsDB)  
[Unverified Spotify Playlists](https://github.com/bhavika/ListenMSD)  
[Julián Bayardo's talk @ PyData 2018](https://slides.com/jbayardo/pydata-cordoba-2018/fullscreen#/1/2)  
[Collab Notebook allegedly used in such talk](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1wqqdtqpA7A0I4690xFiWiBP33KFYEzIa#scrollTo=VC8z23VU-PDM)  
[CS Cornell Playlist Dataset](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/~shuochen/lme/data_page.html)
[8Track Playlist Dataset](https://www.reddit.com/r/datasets/comments/9opsk9/dataset_22m_music_playlists_from_8tracks_165gb/)
[30MusicDataset](http://recsys.deib.polimi.it/?page_id=54)
[idomaar data format](https://github.com/crowdrec/idomaar/wiki/DATA-FORMAT)

## Project setup
Run the `setup.sh` script provided to create the missing repo structure and download the necessary data.

## Spotify Scrapper
Yeah, ain't happenning. Check the [developer ToS](https://developer.spotify.com/terms/), section IV, article **1. General restrictions**, point _g_.

Commit message:

a little explanation to the spotify scrapper readme section

README.md, after:

# Meta-Prod2Vec
[Original Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1607.07326.pdf)  
The purpose of this repo is to further investigate the ideas exposed in the Meta-Prod2Vec paper, in particular on the topic of homogenous representation learning of hetergenous data. With no particular use case in mind, any idea proposed should be tried as to compare with other approaches.

Note there is no reference implementation of MetaProd2Vec, and as so, there's no clear baseline to compare with.
 
## Useful links
[MSD @ github](https://github.com/tbertinmahieux/MSongsDB)  
[Unverified Spotify Playlists](https://github.com/bhavika/ListenMSD)  
[Julián Bayardo's talk @ PyData 2018](https://slides.com/jbayardo/pydata-cordoba-2018/fullscreen#/1/2)  
[Collab Notebook allegedly used in such talk](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1wqqdtqpA7A0I4690xFiWiBP33KFYEzIa#scrollTo=VC8z23VU-PDM)  
[CS Cornell Playlist Dataset](https://www.cs.cornell.edu/~shuochen/lme/data_page.html)
[8Track Playlist Dataset](https://www.reddit.com/r/datasets/comments/9opsk9/dataset_22m_music_playlists_from_8tracks_165gb/)
[30MusicDataset](http://recsys.deib.polimi.it/?page_id=54)
[idomaar data format](https://github.com/crowdrec/idomaar/wiki/DATA-FORMAT)

## Project setup
Run the `setup.sh` script provided to create the missing repo structure and download the necessary data.

## Spotify Scrapper
So, it'd be cool to have spotify data for research (playlists, sessions). So, since no public dataset was found, maybe we could scrap the data?
Yeah, well, that ain't happenning. Check the [developer ToS](https://developer.spotify.com/terms/), section IV, article **1. General restrictions**, point _g_.
